# Don Tilly
## Background
Don was a local drunkard and fisherman. His meager living as a fisherman and market "fisher" was spent almost in its entirety on booze. He had no family, few friends, and rarely spoke more than mumbles to any outside of business transactions at the weekly market whilst selling his fish. Regardless of audience, he mumbled. Almost constantly. Slurred mumbles of strange things that would have landed him in the asylum, had he not been so harmless and ignored by all.
## Appearance
He's dead. However prior to his death, he was a lanky man with a thin moustache that had small patches of baldness. His eyes should have been brown, though one had a milky hue to it as if it had died and yet never removed. His gray hair was long and unkempt; tangled and unclean.
## Personal Info
Don's story is well-known amongst older generations in Portland. He was a successful and strong young fisherman, until he joined the Merchant Marine during the Great War. He had a wife and son, a dog, and was well-liked in the community. During a supply transport mission along his fishing route moving food stuffs to port with a vessel to transport supplies to troops in Europe, his vessel went missing. It wasn't until after the war that Don's boat came back to port...slightly older yet not showing significant wear beyond needing a good cleaning. Don, however, was fractured. His wife and child had left without a trace, but Don's mind had left him. He obtained a horrific drinking habit as a means to quell his insanity, but no doctors knew what happened, why, or how to make it better. When he couldn't pay for treatment, and him being deemed harmless, he was released to his own devices.
